or dairy products piracanjuba
he has to celebrate in 155 years of
history and she is a company that comes
growing exponentially and
This and this growth it comes also
a very large need of hand
of work which was our our idea
with this problem we look for
alternatives to improve performance
of the company to look for part of
robotics part of automation arrive at
make several various budgets have come
several companies here and we opted for
by bbc a company that has submitted is
a better cost-benefit relationship, right?
a company that we saw that in
first moment had a facility
very large to analyze our
difficulties in understanding what the company
I was needing it because every customer
he has a specific need then
we feel that to drink the company that
more suited to our needs
So we closed it with the baby.
project and seven lines of palletizing
and today the project is already in full
fully functioning
the idea of ​​automation of shutdown
there are not two aspects to us first
increase line productivity
because before 5 good until making a
analysis in other companies that already run
with equipment the baby robot he has a
very good efficiency the second point is
you allocate this workforce that today is
a very manual work that the
developer tires this a lot
times the rate of absenteeism increases
work is beginning to be lacking due to the
physical wear and tear on people today are not
these people are allocating
these people in other areas and giving
opportunity for these people
grow professionally from the company
so the idea is not a reduction of
improving the qualification of the
together with the entrance of theft
Hmm